Which of the following is not a Java primitive type?  a) int  b) boolean  c) String  d) double  c
What is the default value of a boolean variable in Java?  a) true  b) false  c) 0  d) null  b
Which keyword is used to inherit a class in Java?  a) implements  b) extends  c) inherits  d) super  b
Which method is the entry point of a Java program?  a) start()  b) init()  c) main()  d) run()  c
Which of the following is not a valid access modifier in Java?  a) public  b) private  c) protected  d) internal  d
What does the `final` keyword indicate when applied to a variable?  a) It can be changed later  b) It is a constant  c) It is private  d) It is static  b
Which of the following is used to handle exceptions in Java?  a) catch  b) throw  c) try  d) All of the above  d
Which class is the superclass of all classes in Java? a) Object b) Class c) System d) Main a
Which of these is not a feature of Java? a) Platform independence b) Object-oriented c) Manual memory management d) Robust c
Which keyword is used to create an object in Java? a) class b) new c) create d) object b
What is the size of an int in Java? a) 4 bytes b) 2 bytes c) 8 bytes d) Depends on system a
Which of the following is not a loop in Java? a) for b) while c) do-while d) repeat d
Which package contains the Scanner class? a) java.io b) java.util c) java.lang d) java.net b
What is the output of System.out.println(10 + 20 + "Java")? a) Java1020 b) 30Java c) Java30 d) Compilation error b
Which keyword is used to prevent method overriding? a) static b) final c) abstract d) private b
Which of the following is used to define an interface? a) class b) interface c) abstract d) implements b
Which collection class allows duplicate elements? a) Set b) Map c) List d) None c
Which exception is thrown when dividing by zero? a) ArithmeticException b) NullPointerException c) IOException d) NumberFormatException a
Which keyword is used to refer to the current object? a) super b) this c) self d) current b
Which method is used to compare two strings in Java? a) equals() b) == c) compare() d) match() a
Which of the following is not a wrapper class? a) Integer b) Double c) Boolean d) String d
Which keyword is used to define a constant in Java? a) const b) static c) final d) constant c
Which of the following is not part of OOP? a) Encapsulation b) Polymorphism c) Compilation d) Inheritance c
What is the result of true && false? a) true b) false c) null d) 0 b
Which of the following is used to terminate a loop? a) continue b) break c) exit d) return b
Which of the following is not a valid Java identifier? a) _value b) $amount c) 1number d) total c
Which keyword is used to define a subclass constructor that calls the superclass constructor? a) super b) this c) base d) parent a
Which of the following is used to create a thread in Java? a) Runnable interface b) Thread class c) Both a and b d) None c
Which method is used to start a thread? a) run() b) start() c) execute() d) begin() b
Which of the following is not a type of polymorphism in Java? a) Compile-time b) Run-time c) Static binding d) Dynamic inheritance d